Jiang Yu, why did you bring me to the company?
Didn't you promise me
Tell me what happened that night?
Tell me what you want is in the company.
What are you talking about with me?
So happy
None of your business.
Mr. Xiao Jiang
Why didn't you go on a blind date last night?
Mr. Jiang, you don't want others to know either
The mother-son relationship between me and you
Wang Yue, how dare you threaten me?
Tonight at 8 o'clock at Pearl Restaurant
Zheng Rou will be waiting for you there
We are soft
At least she's a famous lady
Unlike a wild girl like Chen Ling
I'm doing it for your own good too
It's not good for you to just let go of soft doves like that
Brother Jiang Yu
I waited for you for a long time last night
I have a girlfriend
Don't worry about it.
Let's go, ignore these irrelevant people
Xiao Jiang always remembers our promise
What agreement?
And how could Wang Yu arrange a blind date for Jiang Yu?
The two of them have met so deeply in private
What are you doing?
The real lady is a famous lady
Then you should know better than me what knowledge is
Three to three
Chen Ling, let's see how long you can laugh